We all know that when a vehicle is put on the road, it must
have insurance coverage.
If not, if we put the vehicle on the road,
the police or the MV will catch us and
give us a fine.
Another thing that causes us a lot of trouble is that if
our vehicle
hits a person
or collides with a vehicle,
we will have to bear all the costs incurred by that vehicle or person. That is why
we
all renew our insurance regularly today. To
renew, we usually
go to the insurance office.
Similarly, if the insurance date has passed, we
go to the insurance office with the vehicle. But we can do all this through our mobile
or through our
computer,
that is, we can
renew the one that needs to be renewed correctly. Now, if
the date has passed, we can
renew it online. So
here, when we
renew an insurance like this, we get a lot more
benefits than going directly to an office or through an agent. In particular, we get three
types of benefits. The first of which is that
we can go to an insurance
agent.  If you take it through the road, of course the
company will give him a commission,
so when
we take such a commission online, the company will
give us some, so if we
say the first benefit and the second, when we
take an insurance online, of course
we always have a discount of four or five percent compared to taking it in other ways, so that is the
second benefit and the
third benefit. Now give back is
given to us, that is, they will give you back a certain percentage of the
premium that you pay for the insurance coverage,
so
you can watch this video completely and
understand how to get it. Along with that, I have included
the links of three insurance companies that you can trust online in the comment box of this video.
You can get insurance from all three of them.
So in
order to get that give back, go ahead and
click on it. Before that, there are
some things that
we should pay attention to when taking an insurance. I will
explain that to you.
You
can take four types of insurance from the links of the three insurance companies given below this video.
The first is third party or
liability. If our vehicle hits another
person's body,
we must
have such insurance even if we are forced to pay the amount that he claims. That is what third
party or liability
means here. They do not provide any coverage for the damages caused to us
or our vehicle. The
second is comprehensive
or package policy. In
this package policy, there will
be a third party and
we can claim for the damages caused to our vehicle. The
third is zero depreciation. If our
vehicle is damaged,
insurance companies
do not pay the full amount for all its parts. For example, for plastic
parts,
insurance companies usually
pay us an amount and we have to
bear the rest from our own hands. Similarly, even after the
age of the car, the
amount decreases in this way. So if we
take a zero depreciation policy instead, the amount will be a little
higher, but the full amount for
all the damages caused to our vehicle is also
there.  Even if the company
carries it, then that is a good policy.
Now, let's say the fourth is the on-damage
plan. If we know that we have taken a
third-party policy for our vehicle despite being mandatory,
then
some people may have taken only the third party,
but later
they feel that
a package would be good for the losses incurred by our vehicle. So, those who have it
can only take it if they have a third-party policy despite being mandatory. There are four types of
policies that we can take online.
So, when we take this type of insurance for
our vehicle, it would be
good if we also know the claim set ratio of the company that provides insurance to us. If the maximum claim set ratio of a company is 100%, it would be
very good if it is 100 out of a hundred.
Now, the second thing is that we should take a package from an insurance company that gives our
vehicle the maximum IDV or Insured
Declared Value. That is,
IDV is the
price that the company puts on our vehicle at that time. If we
want, after a while,
that rate will decrease in our insurance package.
But we do not have such insurance.  If you
take out insurance by reducing the IDV to reduce the premium, if the vehicle is
lost or
stolen in any other way, the
amount given to you by the company will be correspondingly
less. Therefore,
we should
never
take out insurance coverage by reducing the IDV to reduce the premium of our insurance. Another thing
I have to say is that most of us do not do something when
we
take out insurance for a vehicle. When we take out
personal accident care,
it is an extra option. But if we do that, if
we have
any problems,
we can claim that too. So
everyone should try to take it. So
we should keep these things in mind when taking out insurance
coverage.
I have given the links of three best companies where we can take such insurance online in the comment box of this video. Along with this,
you will also see a fourth link.
It is a link to a Google form. If you
renew a motor insurance from any of these three companies,
after that, after
filling its details in that Google form, you will get the details of the insurance
you are taking.
You will get a certain percentage of the insurance premium back and you will get it within
10 days to the
UPI address
or bank address that you provide. That's
really the content of today's video. So, the
first of the three companies from which we can get such insurance is Tata AG. I don't need to explain much to you
about this company called Tata AG
because the word Tata is
a sentiment of our Indians.
Today, we
have an institution in all sectors of India.
Tata has more trust in Indians. So, when you
take this type of insurance from Tata,
you will get three slabs,
that is,
if you spend a premium of up to 10,000,
you will get ₹1,000 give back,
and if you spend between 10,000 and 20,000,
you will get ₹2,000 cash
back, and if you spend between 20,000 and
₹30,000, you will get ₹3,000.  You will get give back,
so for
that, you have to
fill those details in that Google form after you have taken the insurance.
Now, the
second company is called
ICC Lombard. As I
said, there is nothing special that I need to
tell you.
ICC Lombard is a well-known name for a long time.
ICC Lombard is an institution that has given positive reviews to many customers. I have
taken their coverage years ago. So, even if you
take this kind of insurance from ICC Lombard now, you will get give back. The
link for that
is also in the comment box of this video. Just
click on that link and enter
your vehicle number and your
name. After that,
you can simply
take the insurance. There is no
need for me to tell you anything.
You
can do it simply on your mobile or laptop.
Now, the third brand is called
Acco. We may not be very familiar with them,
but  This is
an insurance brand that provides a lot of premium services. It is
an organization that is associated with our celebrities, namely people like Saif Ali Khan.
So, we can get their insurance in various
ways after going there.
So, all
three of them have this kind of give-back.
So, as I said, getting insurance is
very simple. Then, if the insurance
date is past,
we have to take a photo and submit it. After taking this photo,
sometimes if it is past the date, there may
be a delay of a day,
otherwise there is no delay.
We get the insurance very fast. Also,
these three companies provide 24-hour customer support. That is why
we select these companies. Not only that, but
Tata and ICC Lobard
are brand names that we have heard and heard for a long time.
Then,
when we take insurance for our vehicle,
we can take a lot of advance, like roadside assistance.
Take
special care if you need it, as I said.
IDU
We should not take insurance just to get a lower premium. Be careful about
that. As I said, after
you
take an insurance, do not forget to fill out the fourth link, that is, the
Google Form link,
including your UPI ID. By the tenth
day, you will have received a
certain
percentage of the premium you paid as a giveback, as shown here.
Many of your friends may be waiting to get their vehicle insurance,
or they may be waiting to get a date. If you share this video with them, it may be
useful for them. Maybe it can be
useful for you. Anyway, let's
see another useful video. Until then,
bye to everyone.